I don't know.
Maybe there's no evidence of seniority at all
This is just
Is it because he wants to suppress one bloodline of the four major families?
Just a blank sheet of paper
Let the four families
I haven't had a good night's sleep in 20 years
Finally going to perish
Remember now?
It's kind of funny yeah
But it doesn't matter.
They are now guilty of a crime
None of the four families can escape
They will surely be severely criticized by the law
Okay, that's your revenge
Hey, when will you and Siyao get married?
Master early next month
Then you must come to marry me
Definitely. Definitely.
Are you excited to get married tomorrow?
Guess what, no matter what happens in the future
I will always love you
I will love you forever
I want you to be the happiest woman
Hey master, I found something
So what's up?
Uh, I turned to your grandfather's year
A book sent to me
I wrote a line of words in an inconspicuous position
What is written?
He said that if years later
You are at the Swiss bank
The evidence I got was a blank slate
Then prove it
What you see may not be the whole truth.
What do you mean?
The four families may not be the final truth
Master, you wait
We'll be right there